# AKAN NAME PROJECT
#### The project deals with creating a platform through which a user can enter the date of birth by which an Akan name will be generated, {2019-11-29}
#### By **MICHAEL OCHIENG' ODERA**
## Description
The Project deals with allowing a user to enter his details that is, the year of birth, the month of birth and the date of birth. Additionally, the user will be prompted to enter their gender. By virtue of the gender chose, eiher male or female, and by using the day index generated from the birth details provided a respective name will be generated to the user visiting the site. That means, that every single person of either gender has a specific name correponding to their respective day of birth in a week. According to this analogy, here are the names that will be generated by the program.
#### Male
Sunday: Kwasi

Monday: Kwadwo

Tuesday: Kwabena

Wednesday: Kwaku

Thursday:  Yaw

Friday: Kofi

Saturday: Kwame

#### Female
Sunday: Akosua

Monday: Adwoa

Tuesday: Abenaa

Wednesday: Akua

Thursday:  Yaa

Friday: Afua

Saturday: Ama

## Live Link


## Troubleshooting
Browse issues: https://github.com/MichaelOdera/Prepweek2/issues

## Changelog
https://github.com/MichaelOdera/Prepweek2/releases

## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Text Editor in-case any modifications have to be made to the code
* Web browser such as Google Chrome or Firefox
* A good internet connection since an online photo has been used and a slow internet means slow loading of photo

This application does not require a server to run neither have any databases been used. The above requirements will be sufficient enough to ensure that the
application runs smoothly.

## Known Bugs
The program has no any known bugs apart from the fact that if some formulas are not implemented, it may lead to errors in the output of the day, and hence wrong names of persons.


## Technologies Used
This project was made using mainly HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript. The Javascript bit is able to capture erros and throw back alerts until a required input is entered.


## Support and contact details
If you encounter any issues, you may contact me through michogelira@gmail.com or +254733258286


### License
Copyright (c) 2019 [MIT](license.html)